This folder contains the scripts for the data analysis phase:

We use different scripts(available in util_scripts folder) for analysis purpose (please refer to Fig 2 in the paper for a better picture): 
- The parse_path.py script makes a CSV file from the data collected discussed in the previous section about the interaction with the website. These CSVs were used for data analysis for RQ1
   - - This file uses the data which has been crawled for each website. You can either use the outputs from running the script in 'Crawler_scripts' folder or use our dataset_1_2 available [here](https://zenodo.org/records/15736754). Please remember to change the path of the dataset_1_2 accordingly.
- The parse_cookies_category_wise.py is used to create a CSV file for cookies generated in each phase of the four phases of data collection(initial,after acceptance, after revocation and after rejection) and cookies_diff.py is used to get a difference in the number of cookies between the different phases for the data analysis for RQ2.
  -This file uses the data which has been crawled for each website. You can either use the outputs from running the script in 'Crawler_scripts' folder or use our dataset_1_2 available [here](https://zenodo.org/records/15736754). Please remember to change the path of the dataset_1_2 accordingly.
  -The output files of parse_cookies_category_wise.py should be  initial.csv, acceptance.csv, rejection.csv, and rejection.csv. Please change the outfile file name MANUALLY in the script on line 112 and 119.
  -Once generated, these files can be used as input for the cookie_diff.py file in the preferred order. You can manually change the category of cookies for which you want to check the difference in cookies on line 20.  
- The inconsistencies.py produces CSV file with all the data collected discussed in the previous section, specifically, network requests and responses containing TCStrings, cookies and localstorage containing TCStrings and the TCString being returned by the tcfapi(). This CSV was further used for analysis for RQ3 and RQ4.
   -This file uses the data which has been crawled for each website. You can either use the outputs from running the script in 'Crawler_scripts' folder or use our dataset_3 available [here](https://zenodo.org/records/15736754). Please remember to change the path of the dataset_3 accordingly.
  -Please change the value of 'i ' in browsing_data{i}.json at lines 261,288,300, and 237 according to the phase in which you want to get the inconsistencies for. For the value of i would be 0,1,2,3 for initial,after acceptance, after revocation, and after rejection, respectively.  
